2 new types of Bounty Missions (#5460)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/jobs.txt

		payment 175000
		dialog "The government of <planet> gratefully pays you <payment> for apprehending the criminal."

mission "Bounty Hunting (Small, Hidden)"
	name "Disguised bandit near <system>"

> 	description "A low-end pirate warship named the <npc> has masqueraded as a merchant ship near the <system> system to avoid detection. Select merchant ships until you find a ship with a matching name, then destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A low-end pirate warship named the <npc> is masquerading as a merchant ship near the <system> system to avoid detection. Select merchant ships until you find a ship with a matching name, then destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."
```
I think either tense is usable here, but (to the best of my knowledge) the norm in-game is present tense for these types of things.

> 	description "A low-end pirate warship named the <npc> has masqueraded as a merchant ship near the <system> system to avoid detection. Select merchant ships until you find a ship with a matching name, then destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."

Reviewer: How come you use `(<payment>)` instead of just `<payment>`? Never seen that before.

Author: That's the syntax used for bounty hunting jobs.
```
mission "Bounty Hunting (Small)"
	name "Wanted bandit near <system>"
	description "A low-end pirate warship named the <npc> has been attacking merchants near the <system> system. Destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."```

Reviewer: Oh! Forgot about that.

	repeat
	job
	to offer
		"combat rating" > 300
		random < 20
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes "rim" "south" "north" "dirt belt" "core" "frontier"
	npc kill
		government "Bounty (Disguised)"
		personality heroic staying
		system
			distance 1 2
		fleet
			names "pirate"
			variant
				"Firebird"
			variant
				"Firebird (Missile)"
			variant
				"Splinter"
			variant
				"Splinter (Laser)"
			variant
				"Osprey"
			variant
				"Osprey (Laser)"
			variant
				"Bastion"
			variant
				"Manta"
			variant
				"Manta (Proton)"
		dialog phrase "generic hunted bounty eliminated dialog"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic bounty hunting on visit"
	on complete
		payment 250000
		dialog phrase "generic bounty hunting payment dialog"

mission "Bounty Hunting (Medium, Hidden)"
	name "Disguised pirate near <system>"

> 	description "A medium pirate warship named the <npc> has masqueraded as a merchant ship near the <system> system to avoid detection. Select merchant ships until you find a ship with a matching name, then destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A medium pirate warship named the <npc> is masquerading as a merchant ship near the <system> system to avoid detection. Select merchant ships until you find a ship with a matching name, then destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."
```

	repeat
	job
	to offer
		"combat rating" > 400
		random < 10
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes "rim" "south" "north" "dirt belt" "core" "frontier"
	npc kill
		government "Bounty (Disguised)"
		personality heroic staying
		system
			distance 1 2
		fleet
			names "pirate"
			variant
				"Protector"
			variant
				"Protector (Laser)"
			variant
				"Osprey (Missile)"
			variant
				"Bastion (Heavy)"
			variant
				"Bastion (Laser)"
			variant
				"Firebird (Plasma)"
		dialog phrase "generic hunted bounty eliminated dialog"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic bounty hunting on visit"
	on complete
		payment 350000
		dialog phrase "generic bounty hunting payment dialog"

mission "Bounty Hunting (Big, Hidden)"
	name "Disguised warlord near <system>"

> 	description "A heavy warship known as the <npc> has masqueraded as a merchant ship near the <system> system to avoid detection. Select merchant ships until you find a ship with a matching name, then destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "A heavy warship known as the <npc> is masquerading as a merchant ship near the <system> system to avoid detection. Select merchant ships until you find a ship with a matching name, then destroy it and return to <planet> for payment (<payment>)."
```
